Docs: Autolink guide and API docs corrected. [skip ci] (#7724)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/builds/guides/migrate.md

		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td><a href="../../../../ckeditor4/latest/api/CKEDITOR_config.html#cfg-autolink_commitKeystrokes">autolink_commitKeystrokes</a> <br> <a href="../../../../ckeditor4/latest/api/CKEDITOR_config.html#cfg-autolink_emailRegex">autolink_emailRegex</a> <br> <a href="../../../../ckeditor4/latest/api/CKEDITOR_config.html#cfg-autolink_urlRegex">autolink_urlRegex</a></td>

> 			<td>Now covered by the new {@link features/link#autolink-feature autolink feature}.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			<td>Refer to the {@link features/link#autolink-feature Autolink section} of the Link guide to learn more about support for automatic linking in CKEditor 5.</td>
```

I'd stick to the same format as for other entries to stay consistent.

Also, this feature is "new" today, but at some point, all of them were :wink:  while the guide stays for a longer time.
